title: Space Flashcards
author: Sam H. (Descriptions from space.com)
Mercury:The closest planet to the sun, Mercury is only a bit larger than Earth's moon.
Venus:The second planet from the sun, Venus is terribly hot, even hotter than Mercury.
Earth:The third planet from the sun, Earth is a waterworld, with two-thirds of the planet covered by ocean
Mars:The fourth planet from the sun, is a cold, dusty place. 
Jupiter:The fifth planet from the sun, Jupiter is huge and is the most massive planet in our solar system.
Saturn:The sixth planet from the sun is known most for its rings.
Uranus:The seventh planet from the sun, Uranus is an oddball. It’s the only giant planet whose equator is nearly at right angles to its orbit — it basically orbits on its side.
Neptune:The eighth planet from the sun, Neptune is known for strong winds — sometimes faster than the speed of sound. Neptune is far out and cold.
Mercury2:The closest planet to the sun, Mercury is only a bit larger than Earth's moon.
Venus2:The second planet from the sun, Venus is terribly hot, even hotter than Mercury.
Earth2:The third planet from the sun, Earth is a waterworld, with two-thirds of the planet covered by ocean
Mars2:The fourth planet from the sun, is a cold, dusty place.
Jupiter2:The fifth planet from the sun, Jupiter is huge and is the most massive planet in our solar system.
Saturn2:The sixth planet from the sun is known most for its rings.
Uranus2:The seventh planet from the sun, Uranus is an oddball. It’s the only giant planet whose equator is nearly at right angles to its orbit — it basically orbits on its side.
Neptune2:The eighth planet from the sun, Neptune is known for strong winds — sometimes faster than the speed of sound. Neptune is far out and cold.
Mercury3:The closest planet to the sun, Mercury is only a bit larger than Earth's moon.
Venus3:The second planet from the sun, Venus is terribly hot, even hotter than Mercury.
Earth3:The third planet from the sun, Earth is a waterworld, with two-thirds of the planet covered by ocean
Mars3:The fourth planet from the sun, is a cold, dusty place.
Jupiter3:The fifth planet from the sun, Jupiter is huge and is the most massive planet in our solar system.
Saturn3:The sixth planet from the sun is known most for its rings.
Uranus3:The seventh planet from the sun, Uranus is an oddball. It’s the only giant planet whose equator is nearly at right angles to its orbit — it basically orbits on its side.
Neptune3:The eighth planet from the sun, Neptune is known for strong winds — sometimes faster than the speed of sound. Neptune is far out and cold.